# Nugatoria
Nugatoria is designed as an app for creating, storing, and organizing notes
The actual application does not yet exist, but the database behind it does.
For Boston University MET CS 699 I spent six weeks designing the relational database behind the app. The resulting code is in this repository, along with my project write-up that discusses the design at length.

# Project Direction Overview
Nugatoria  will be an app for organizing pages of notes into Notebooks. It will be similar to Microsoft OneNote but with different priorities: the primary use case is a single user storing notes and accessing notebooks across different platforms. Hence where OneNote allows for very rich formatting and concurrent editing, Nugatoria will focus on storing pages in a simple format and on reliable version control and conflict resolution features. It will support several users sharing a notebook even though robust concurrent modification is not the primary intended use.
At a high level, Nugatoria will allow multiple users. Each user can have access to many notebooks (and may have different permissions for each), and a notebook may be accessed by many users. A notebook is a collection of sections and section groups. (A section may be contained in a section group or may be contained in the notebook.) A section group a collection of sections, which in turn is a collection of pages. Each page is a collection of revisions. (That is, one notebook can have one or many sections; one notebook can also have one or many section groups; one section can have one or many pages; one page can have one or many revisions). A revision may also have 0 or many hashtags, and a hashtag may point to one or many revisions.
Notebooks, section groups, sections, and pages are all examples of NugatoriaContainers. It is possible that, as this application grows, the specific NugatoriaContainers it supports will change over time.
I am interested in this project because I use Microsoft OneNote frequently and find it to be one of the most useful tools in my day-to-day life, but I am often frustrated by issues around slow syncing and page conflicts. I frequently edit pages on my phone and later on my computer, only to find that one of those versions did not sync properly. OneNote has some functionality for saving previous revisions but this feature often seems unreliable. OneNote also has many features that I rarely use; mostly I am interested in storing and accessing plain text, formatted lists, links, and images. I therefore want to replicate the features I find most useful, streamline my app by limiting feature creep, and focus on frequent versioning and the ability for users to manually address conflict resolution for different page versions. OneNote also does not have any native hashtag functionality, and it seems to me that it would be useful to be able to search through pages labeled with hashtags rather than purely hierarchically.

